Clarify integer size and float precision levels (#1058)
toml-lang/toml: toml.md

bin1 = 0b11010110
```

Implementations are free to support any integer size. It's recommended that at
least 64-bit signed integers (from −2^63 to 2^63−1) are accepted and handled
losslessly. If an integer cannot be represented losslessly, an error must be
thrown.

## Float

Floating point numbers are expressed as IEEE 754 values. Implementations are
free to support any float size. It's recommended that at least binary64 values

> are accepted and handled losslessly. If an floating point cannot be represented

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are accepted and handled losslessly. If a floating point cannot be represented
```

Copy paste error? :P

sf6 = -nan # valid, actual encoding is implementation-specific
```

> Implementations are free to support any precision level. It's recommended that
> at least IEEE 754 binary64 values are accepted and handled losslessly. If a
> floating point cannot be represented losslessly, an error must be thrown.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implementations are free to support any precision level. It's recommended that
at least IEEE 754 binary64 values are accepted and stored without losing bits.
If a floating point cannot be accepted and stored, an error must be thrown.
```

Reviewer: (an attempt at addressing concerns from the review above)

Reviewer 2: @pradyunsg Not sure that'll help – what does "losing bits" means? In the file, floats are actually stored as decimals, so there is no clear "bit" equivalent, and conversion into a float representation will in most cases be slightly lossy. Also, how to decide which values "cannot be accepted and stored"?

sf6 = -nan # valid, actual encoding is implementation-specific
```

Implementations are free to support any precision level. It's recommended that

> at least IEEE 754 binary64 values are accepted.

Reviewer 2: I would add the "and handled losslessly" from above here too. Otherwise the "accepted" would be pretty meaningless, since it could be interpreted as "accepted, but internally converted to a lower precision".

Author: But then we're back to your [original comment](https://github.com/toml-lang/toml/pull/1058#issuecomment-2823653871) that "handled losslessly" doesn't really work for IEEE floats?

Reviewer 2: Hmm, well, the problem already lies in the "accepted". What's accepted, i.e. parsed, is originally never a float, but rather a decimal written as string. So I guess what we mean is not that they are "accepted", but they there are used internally, meaning that any decimals will be parsed with sufficient precision.

So how about changing it to "It's recommended that at least IEEE 754 binary64 values are *supported*" ? That should do the trick, I think.

Reviewer 2: @arp242 So what do you think about changing "accepted" to "supported" to finalize this?
